when the air itself becomes saturated
and the temperature is just right
rare Giants emerge
[Music]
a per wellif antis now it can grow to
the size of a man's fist so rare they
can only be filmed in captivity whether
extraordinary behavior is a field it's
still a mystery as to exactly how they
track down their food but one thing is
for sure this snail has unusual taste
and revolting table manners
[Music]
it's mouth envelops and suffocates the
earth world
[Music]
it sucked down like spaghetti
for anything bigger it's got 6,000 teeth
ready to shred the next meal in the
supersaturated environment this
specialized smell is the ultimate
predator
you